Add AGENTS.md with security guidelines for secret handling (#134)
openshift-psap/forge: AGENTS.md

# FORGE CI Framework — Agent Instructions

## Project Overview

FORGE is a CI/CD testing framework that orchestrates Kubernetes workloads on OpenShift clusters.
It uses a Python DSL to define tasks, apply manifests, and collect artifacts for debugging.

Key paths:

> - `projects/` — individual project toolboxes (install scripts, test harnesses)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `projects/` — individual project test harnesses
- `projects/NAME/orchestration` — upper layer of the test harness (config, prepare, test, cleanup)
- `projects/NAME/toolbox` — lower layer of the test harness (toolbox of scripts altering the state of the cluster, using the DSL language)
- `projects/NAME/test` — unit testing of the test harness
```

### Rules

1. **Never persist secrets to `ARTIFACT_DIR`.**
   The `oc_apply(path, manifest)` helper writes the manifest YAML to disk before applying it.
   If the manifest contains sensitive data (passwords, tokens, pull-secrets, certificates, API keys),
   it MUST NOT be written to any path under `env.ARTIFACT_DIR`.

2. **Use `oc_apply_secret()` or `oc("apply", "-f", "-", input_text=...)` for secrets.**
   Apply secrets via stdin or a dedicated helper that does not persist the payload.
   Never use the standard `oc_apply()` for Secret-kind manifests.

3. **Never log secret values.**
   Do not print, log, or include in error messages: passwords, tokens, bearer credentials,
   TLS keys, pull-secret `.dockerconfigjson`, or any `data:`/`stringData:` field from a Secret.

4. **Check the `kind:` field.**
   Before calling `oc_apply(artifact_path, manifest)`, verify that `manifest.get("kind") != "Secret"`.
   If it is a Secret, use a non-persisting apply path.

5. **Artifact directories are public.**
   Treat everything under `ARTIFACT_DIR` as if it will be published on the internet.
   Only write non-sensitive operational data (CRs, logs, pod descriptions, events).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

6. **Use the vault module.**
    Use the project `projects.core.library.vault` module to access the secrets, stored in files. Consider all the content of these files as secret.
    
7. **Never pass secrets via environment variables**
    For transparency and post-mortem troubleshooting, the environment variables are saved to disk at multiple locations. Do not use environment variables to pass a secret between two components. There might be few exceptions to this rule (MLFlow, AWS), but they must be handled with care.

```
